panel 1 x 177 y 147 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 2 x 232 y 184 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 3 x 248 y 215 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 4 x 158 y 229 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 5 x 592 y 125 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 6 x 597 y 193 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 7 x 434 y 157 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 8 x 250 y 353 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 9 x 177 y 359 rotation 0 transition drop duration 1 end
panel 10 x 283 y 321 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 11 x 449 y 417 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 12 x 415 y 428 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 13 x 212 y 339 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 14 x 591 y 397 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 15 x 587 y 361 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 16 x 565 y 352 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 17 x 585 y 353 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 18 x 587 y 398 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 19 x 413 y 244 rotation 0 transition drop duration 1 end
panel 20 x 613 y 430 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 21 x 221 y 161 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 22 x 465 y 117 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 23 x 294 y 356 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 24 x 246 y 359 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 25 x 453 y 268 rotation 0 transition fade duration 1.5 end
panel 26 x 655 y 436 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 27 x 173 y 291 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 28 x 645 y 402 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 29 x 166 y 297 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 30 x 547 y 144 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 31 x 541 y 159 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 32 x 567 y 407 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 33 x 204 y 388 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 34 x 192 y 337 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 35 x 178 y 329 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 36 x 168 y 233 rotation 0 transition drop duration 1 end
panel 37 x 150 y 89 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 38 x 609 y 128 rotation 0 transition fade duration 2 end
panel 39 x 564 y 210 rotation 0 transition fade duration 2 end
panel 40 x 475 y 239 rotation 0 transition fade duration 1.5 end
panel 41 x 284 y 269 rotation 0 transition fade duration 1 end
panel 42 x 137 y 264 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 43 x 299 y 265 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 44 x 481 y 265 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 45 x 659 y 263 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 46 x 146 y 258 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 47 x 656 y 265 rotation 0 transition drop duration 1 end
panel 48 x 406 y 204 rotation 0 transition drop duration 1 end
panel 49 x 158 y 395 rotation 0 transition drop duration 1 end
panel 50 x 416 y 415 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 51 x 140 y 94 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 52 x 651 y 275 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 53 x 640 y 78 rotation 0 transition fade duration 1.5 end
panel 54 x 144 y 199 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 55 x 638 y 109 rotation 0 transition fade duration 1.5 end
panel 56 x 651 y 145 rotation 0 transition fade duration 1.5 end
panel 57 x 127 y 281 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 58 x 649 y 187 rotation 0 transition fade duration 1.5 end
panel 59 x 653 y 240 rotation 0 transition fade duration 1.5 end
panel 60 x 655 y 284 rotation 0 transition fade duration 1.5 end
panel 61 x 653 y 349 rotation 0 transition fade duration 1.5 end
panel 62 x 646 y 379 rotation 0 transition fade duration 1.5 end
panel 63 x 650 y 403 rotation 0 transition fade duration 1.5 end
panel 64 x 149 y 425 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 65 x 655 y 436 rotation 0 transition fade duration 1.5 end
panel 66 x 654 y 481 rotation 0 transition fade duration 1.5 end
panel 67 x 335 y 414 rotation 0 transition toss duration 2 end
panel 68 x 396 y 257 rotation 0 transition fade duration 2 end
panel 70 x 400 y 300 rotation 0 transition drop duration 1 end
final